Release 1.6.0 (#185)
Esri/pyprt: CHANGELOG.md

# PyPRT ChangeLog

> ## v1.6.0 (2022-XX-XX)

Reviewer: Please update the release date ;-)

> ### Changed
> * Internal update to PRT 2.7.8538 (CityEngine 2022.1)
> * Rebuilt test RPKs with CityEngine 2022.1
> * `pyprt_arcgis` module: added handling of polygons holes (inner rings) based on Shapely
> * Cleaned and updated environment files
> * Build Python with SSL support in Linux Docker images
> * Improved conda environments pipeline
> 
> ### Added
> * Added pre-built wheels and conda packages for Python 3.10
> * New CMake flag `pybind11_DIR` and env var `PYBIND11_DIR` for setup.py to let users specify a custom copy of PyBind11
> * [New example (number 10)](https://github.com/esri/pyprt-examples) about updating Scene Layers used in Web Scenes

Reviewer: Let's put "Added" first as in previous releases and emphasize support for CE 2022.1

```suggestion
### Added
* Added support for Rule Packages (RPK) created with CityEngine 2022.1
* Added pre-built wheels and conda packages for Python 3.10
* New CMake flag `pybind11_DIR` and env var `PYBIND11_DIR` for setup.py to let users specify a custom copy of PyBind11
* [New example (number 10)](https://github.com/esri/pyprt-examples) about updating Scene Layers used in Web Scenes

### Changed
* Update to PRT 2.7.8538.
* Rebuilt test RPKs with CityEngine 2022.1
* `pyprt_arcgis` module: added handling of polygons holes (inner rings) based on Shapely
* Cleaned and updated environment files
* Build Python with SSL support in Linux Docker images
* Improved conda environments pipeline
```
